I walk along, what they gonna do with me, learn 
them rules. You try to blame, everyone is not the 
same, don't like me. They owned some camps, 
killing in an awful way, no escape. Burn, waste 
their lives, murder in a tine brown suit, they obey. 
Their eyes have been closed, but yours have to 
learn, let history speak. Groupes, they feel 
strong, crying for a goal in life, don't succeed. 
Trains, trains of death, what you gonna do with 
that, try to learn. You chase the wrong ones now, 
face it, keep it in line. Don't blame your brothers 
now, face it, change it. You chase the wrong ones 
now, face it, keep it in line. Don't blame your 
brothers now, face it, change it now. Why hate 
goes on, killing to protect their goods, rich man's 
fear. Blind, blind to see, ain't you gonna learn at 
all, shame on you.
You chase the wrong ones now, face it, keep it in 
line. Don't blame your brothers now, face it, 
change it. You chase the wrong ones now, face it,
keep it in line. Don't blame your brothers now, 
face it, change, change it now.

