Hard times build character, or so I'm told. They teach
you lessons worth your weight in gold, and I've been
shown things happen for a reason. I know your kind.
You want one thing, the gusto. Keep it in mind. What
up chief? You is a shifty thief with shady eyes. Play
the role like a tough guy. You need a grammy. It's
whack. Smile to my face. Talk behind my back. In fact,
when I'm around you be riding my sac. Your shit is
played out. Try and use me to get your name out. So
you can stay out (cash in the fame no doubt). I ain't
stupid. I know what you is about son. Gettin' that
clout done so you can attract a bigger crowd dunn.
Yeah ... you is a foul, one always preaching "keepin'
it real", when you is a fake bitch handing out raw
deals. Your shit is too sloppy to have appeal. Your
style is too cliche for masses to feel. You is a shady
jealous bitch. Try and play me to get rich, fit in my
niche, taking part of my chips. Yo that's my shit.
Stop trying to steal my show. ETOWN. This goes out to
my peeps up in the crowd. This goes out to my niggas
gettin' wild. This goes out to the kids that is
representin'. This goes out to tough guys teaching
lessons. This goes out to those that are true. This
goes out to you.

