[by Syriak]

{ Let us paint your inner vision _Drop the curtains and absorb this sonic
invasion. }{ Sensorial Theatre of the non-seen, _This illusionary moment,
our cosmic gift... _Should lead the craft beyond one's usual scene _As
astral cyborgs on a psionic drift. }{ Divine grace shine in these
incredulous stares _Observing avidly the strange enigmatic symbols of a
deep-water sky _Mesmerized by the torn stellar membrane, _As wE, Corsairs
_Deny and mystify, _Defy to unify _(Nydes Elense ; SoÃ¯ Nokelende) _Deny and
mystify, Imply to glorify. }{ Wandering through the entrails of the
Maelstrom _Avatars, dissolve your blindfolds. }{ Let us paint your inner
vision _Drop the curtains and absorb this festive invasion. }{ An
atmospheric symbiosis of virtual legend _Intertwined with senses in a quest
to transcend _The boundaries of a tired broken mind _Gaze higher, farther,
deeper...there your psyche will be spellbind. }{ Divine grace shine in these
incredulous stares _While winged celestial fragments float by _Mesmerized by
the beauty that scarify, _As wE, Corsairs _Deny and mystify, _Defy to unify,
_Deny and mystify, Imply to glorify. }{ Wandering through the entrails of
the Maelstrom _Avatars, dissolve your blindfolds. }{ Bards let their
audience's curiosity depart unsatisfied, as a dream ! _Hyaaaa !! Oh sweet
lovable shrieks !!! }{ Leg go of your sanity, ascend the crescendo of an
unchained spirit. }{ Endless, majestic, impressively oversized and in a
state of perpetual circular motion... _The shriveled parchment walls who
summoned your soul to this hallowed hall shine erratically with an eerie
glow of phosphorescent origin unknown. _(Passage to a lateral history not
yet penned by it's own melancholic will, one can closely see the life-force
of nature's past children morphing with the spectral shadows emanating from
your disembodied presence. Ancient names are calling from beyond as serene
waves of vaporous words cascade around the uninvited. Traces of a lost world
... ) }{ Time for another ambiance travelers. }{ Deny and mystify, Defy to
unify _Deny and mystify, Imply to glorify _...and remember, each
representation is unique, as yourself and your visions...This psionic
theater bids you farewell...'till next time... }

