So now I know that this is where we need to go to believe and get
stronger. I have nothing to say, you have nowhere to run, Let's stay
strong here, our life can get better.

Forgiveness for your crimes is not praying this time. I'm calling
recompense; I'm calling out your lies. Realise in other people eyes, the
consequences were not mended By a sign of a cross, upon your fucking
forehead.

Shallow man, you've forsaken all you love (for the last time) Oh shallow
man for this is not the end, the time hast come for strength, please don't
give in. Show me the will to fight, after this there's life, this is where
you start to believe Oh shallow man for this is not the end, the time hast
come for strength, please don't give in. Struggle through and show, there
is always hope this is where you start to believe you can grow.

So now I know that this is where we need to go to believe and get
stronger. I have nothing to say, you have nowhere to run, Let's stay
strong here, our life can get better.

You Feel a weight has lifted.. you feel your dawn is new You must hold
inside a fear of the hell that waits for you. Redeemer, you have tried to
gather strength from skies. You have no knowledge, no concept of when you
die.

Shallow man, you've forsaken all you love (for the last time) Oh shallow
man for this is not the end, the time hast come for strength, please don't
give in. Show me the will to fight, after this there's life, this is where
you start to believe you can grow Oh shallow man for this is not the end,
the time hast come for strength, please don't give in. Struggle through
and show, there is always hope this is where you start to believe.

So now I know that this is where we need to go to believe and get
stronger. I have nothing to say, you have nowhere to run, Let's stay
strong here, our life can get better.

