Debria, take me on Take me on too purity Purify then collide, then collide 
with my dreams Debria, I am calm, I embrace your deepest sorrow Gently 
pushing, soothing arms, the slight full shivering Damn it I wanted to play... 
Debria, time is ours with your true devoted mind Mind the heart Debria find 
your self in my eyes Debria when you're lost I'm the stone, the rock of 
stillness Purring, cradling, tucking doubts in, maybe kissing Damn it I 
wanted to play For this girl, little girl, there'll be no-one else I'm the 
fire, little girl, that burns away pain Debria, time is ours with your true 
devotion Mind the heart Debria then collide with my eyes Shadow child, in 
you're light I'm the dark that pulls the trigger Longing, sharing, painless 
loving yet so vicious, damn it I wanted to play For this girl, little girl, 
there'll be no-one else I'm the fire, little girl, that burns away pain 
Sinister charade, love for this no-man but strangely you know what goes on 
It's a beckoning thought but I dare you to look for it Nothing comes clean 
this time And I know there's a whore deep inside that is yearning for 
comfort and long lost times Silently turning, breathings are burning You 
knew this day would come With the eyes of a hawk I set up the room so that 
nothing escapes this lead Debria maid and pray, enter her majesty As I 
pamper the ego served under decades I'm finally aroused by this game And the 
tears of a servant, sweetly unknowingly pure made sure this day would come 
They come For this girl, little girl, there'll be no-one else I'm the fire, 
little girl, that burns away pain For this girl, little girl, there'll be 
no-one else I'm the fire, little girl, that burns away pain

