I dance for servants I dance for masters Not only to constrain the pulse 
that brings disasters A man of Eden will forge the fire And dance along this 
joyous tune with dark desires Perpetual and rhythmical so determined to kill 
You'll never be the me in you that you wish to kill Perpetual and rhythmical 
so determined to kill I'll never be the you in me that you wish to kill 
Brings you fire, fire Violence your time is now I whisper softly To my 
commandment Not only to prepare for my legit embalmment Just let me kill 
them For my own pleasure And dance along this hideous tune within your 
lecture Perpetual and rhythmical so determined to kill You'll never be the 
me in you that you wish to kill Perpetual and rhythmical so determined to 
kill I'll never be the you in me that you wish to kill Faster! Violence your 
time is now Hear me darkness, I'm yours Taste the smell of lies, the force... 
I'm the poisonous snake you caught but free, reborn Why this hate? You 
prepared for me Bring on the plague, you prepared for me Search for the 
cure, let us rejoice in war The evil are not to fear, as the end draws near 
They say that you should have known better Correct them reset them this time 
it's for ever Oppress the servants, seek the masters Only to constrain the 
path that brings disasters Perpetual and rhythmical so determined to kill 
You'll never be the me in you that you wish to kill Perpetual and rhythmical 
so determined to kill I'll never be the you in me that you wish to kill 
Brings you fire, fire Violence your time is now

