We began the dying centuries ago In the shade of grey the hopeless and pale 
liberated by the flow All the times awaiting, All the times away, Only 
suffering suffering Pain and death is waiting in the dark You don't need to 
attend this formation When you're Purified purified In catharsis you bleed 
See my anger evolve You don't feel because you're in denial, in denial 
Within the power of the Information, yes my lord Go prepare the sentence Lie 
beneath the sword Confirmation, yes my lord There's an open entrance Dead 
when fire falls All the times forgotten, holding back the pain, Only I get 
past the dangerous and fear and the everlasting rain Wake me up tomorrow, 
bury med tonight I am suffering suffering Under the nocturnal reign I burn 
Everything from this side Gives a reason to be ever black, ever black, I'm 
far away from the light Know in my confession There's no other way to hunt 
you down, hunt you down , and so my hunting begins Accusation, what is it 
for? Try to preach and you will Go in peace no more Sweet sensation, taste 
of death You must leave me nothing There is nothing left We began the dying 
centuries ago In the shade of grey the hopeless and pale liberated by the 
flow All the time awaiting, All the times away, Only suffering suffering 
Pain and death is waiting in the dark Cold and under pressure, There's no 
way to break through the attack, the attack I take away your defence Cover 
up your denial, darker deeper harder, can't you see, can't you see This is 
the way to break trough Information, yes my lord Go prepare the sentence Lie 
beneath the sword Confirmation, yes my lord There's an open entrance Dead 
when fire falls

