Alarming, disturbing and yet so pleasure filling It burns me I need it give 
birth my charlatans Afflicting for ages your world has drained my conscience 
Determined with pleasure I know my time has come Indifferent to his faith 
All reason's blown away A whistler on display A whistler and his gun Too far 
I have wandered in feeble compromises The skin of my soul mate feels like a 
warm embrace To own this assignment to kill a child in anger I killed once 
regretful but wish to kill again Too swollen now Too swollen now Too swollen 
now blast from the inside And my mind is now And my mind is now And my mind 
is now dead to the outside Then we found our luck While the music played 
With the pied piper In the dark again Forced Pressured Medical Slave 
Bewildered by darkness my shadowlike appearance Conceal me protect me 
against this viciousness Reloading uncertain not knowing why it's breathing 
Let silver caress me into oblivion Indifferent to his faith All reason's 
blown away A whistler on display A whistler and his gun Too swollen now Too 
swollen now Too swollen now blast from the inside And my mind is now And my 
mind is now And my mind is now dead to the outside Then we found our luck 
While the music played With the pied piper In the dark again Forced 
Pressured Medical Slave Who am I Hide and seek Chemicals in me Indifferent 
to his faith All reason's blown away A whistler on display A whistler and 
his gun Too swollen now Too swollen now Too swollen now blast from the 
inside And my mind is now And my mind is now And my mind is now dead to the 
outside Then we found our luck While the music played With the pied piper In 
the dark again Forced Pressured Medical Slave

