Tear the clothes of my body I want to be stigmatized Burn the mark of the 
heroes On the inside of my skin Never again will I serve unreachable love 
How funny you didn't see me laughing did you They come asking for my 
sympathy Made of iron and steel Don't expect me to come forth I won't follow 
anyway Redemption then it's not a crime ceremony Redemption it's for you to 
find teach us Satanic in a mastermind revealing Get them out of here Dark 
thoughts that were hidden Now comes to life Exploring the brilliance of 
nothingness A fear so strong it cannot be measured Take me on I invite you 
to my battlefield They come asking for my sympathy Made of iron and steel 
Don't expect me to come forth I won't follow anyway Redemption then it's not 
a crime ceremony Redemption it's for you to find teach us Satanic in a 
mastermind revealing Get them out of here Too small to be a leader Too big 
to be a slave We're loosing time let's begin with the torture In case I must 
be loved they have to tell me now Then there is the dark a flash of 
obscurity This new dimension of sadness that I feel Too small to be a leader 
Too big to be a slave Wicked, wicked out of mind, once in front of - now 
behind Dispossess me, set me free, waiting waters bleed Never again will I 
serve unreachable love How funny you didn't see me laughing did you They 
come asking for my sympathy Made of iron and steel Don't expect me to come 
forth I won't follow anyway Redemption then it's not a crime ceremony 
Redemption it's for you to find teach us Satanic in a mastermind revealing 
Get them out of here

