The turning of time makes the wonders grow small The turning of time is the 
end of it all This has gone on far from my mind It's a blank dot pursuing 
line To the just and temperate sane Remedy complicated way From and for the 
linguistic fine There's a reason not to confide What you rule and what you 
believe Start the bleeding...bleeding Believing all or nothing We are not in 
supply The poet made us suffer The poet made us cry In darkness eyes will 
open Hail to the force supreme Insightful words of wisdom Transforming 
sorcery Remember tomorrow the promise to kill me Remember tomorrow you 
promised to kill me Remember tomorrow the promise to kill me Remember 
tomorrow you promised to kill me There's a cold dark union here It's a place 
to rest all your fears With the soothing words of your past Make it faster 
take it away In my mind there's three of a kind One for blindness holding me 
down One is written, blunt and erase One is bleeding...bleeding Believing all 
or nothing We are not in supply The poet made us suffer The poet made us cry 
In darkness eyes will open Hail to the force supreme Insightful words of 
wisdom Transforming sorcery Remember tomorrow the promise to kill me 
Remember tomorrow you promised to kill me Remember tomorrow the promise to 
kill me Remember tomorrow you promised to kill me It's a full circle heart 
Now revealing this scar I'm foreseeing the end On the front I embark With 
the strength of the words Now my faith has increased I set sail to the land 
Where the soil is deceased I've been seen on the cross On the altars of gold 
In the shape of a lie I am deep I am true From and for the linguistic fine 
There's a reason not to confide What you rule and what you believe Start the 
bleeding...bleeding Believing all or nothing We are not in supply The poet 
made us suffer The poet made us cry In darkness eyes will open Hail to the 
force supreme Insightful words of wisdom Transforming sorcery Remember 
tomorrow the promise to kill me Remember tomorrow you promised to kill me 
Remember tomorrow the promise to kill me Remember tomorrow you promised to 
kill me

