Light of my life, bring the darkness Bring the dark so that fire shows Into 
the dark, light the torches Light the torches that paint the walls Into the 
night, close the circle Close the circle and wipe the stains Stain of my 
life hidden art work Cut this heathen free Slow like a shivering I stall her 
confessions No need for certainty, remembrance or truth Lust is the 
strangest allied In memories growing Willingly sad she must have remembered 
it all Martyr Hold your breath as your face gets broken torture Hold my 
breath as I want to break Ride out this little storm she told me wile 
bleeding I to have certain needs of bindings and hope Liar, your bodies 
closing, I feel it, I feel it Martyr of lust denial lets dry out your tears 
Martyr Hold your breath as your face gets broken Torture Hold my breath as I 
want to break Martyr Take my hand and I'll give you guidance Martyr Take my 
hand and we'll play for death Fall into sad comprehensions That I never had 
Once more under open skies And the trembling achievements will pay This is 
confessions and again, I live again The time must come for a closure, come 
for an end To break free from the burdens and to finally transcend into the 
solitude of a man in denial but until then the game Light of my life, bring 
the darkness Bring the dark so that fire shows Into the dark, light the 
torches Recollect the entire fall Into the night, close the circle Close the 
circle and wipe the stains Stain of my you're the art work Cut this heathen 
free Martyr, Hold your breath as your face gets broken Torture, hold my 
breath as I want to break Martyr, take my hand and I give you guidance 
Martyr take my hand and we pray for death

