workin out really helped, take a look at me now, im in the middle of a
project on the brink of a breakthru, its on the tip of my tongue people
always make things harder than they are, sittin on yr ass wont get you
very far fallin off the wagon, help me get on up, im backslidin on ya
can't remember that big idea thats floatin in the back of my mind dont
try to feed me any of yr lies, yr problems might be big but its not
about the size.
the problem is solved, you cant believe, ill untangle any web they try
to weave you know what i mean, hook my brain to a laptop screen the
problem is solved, yr worries are gone, what to do with the body once
the mind is blown you hear what i said, big idea in the back of my
head, you got will power,
but you don't got no guts,
u think u made a difference but it wasnt quite enough psychic wars are
ragin behind closed doors, they want us outta here paranoid addiction,
u heed its call, u know its only fear cut their lies in half with a
dose of truth, goosebumps when u come near right on the brink of a fit,
cause in yr mind u think u wanna kill brainwashed away to an earthly
grave by nicotine and designer pills people always make things harder
than they are, sittin on yr ass wont get you very far the problem is
solved, you cant believe, ill untangle any web they try to weave the
problem is solved, yr worries are gone, what to do with the body once
the mind is blown workin out really helped, take a look at me now, im
in the middle of a project on the brink of a breakthru, its on the tip
of my tongue

