Sorrow is depression and despair A time of life that
no one cares Inducing chemicals of pain driven fate To
suffer at a moderate rate And to go beyond To face
your shame of personal disbelief And a life in hell is
in rage And the anguish of hate remains To self
indulge in pain, a weakness I'll remain Feelings
becoming numb In the face of the lost the doors are
closed shut For no one remains, only to suffer in
haste A life of loneliness and dismay Time of anger
and hate A place that no one should witness A void of
eternal fate The darker, the stronger will fall A cry
for help, no one hears, my words are silent Slipping
into the unreal Fading away into the dark deep abyss
Fallen angels guide my way to oblivion The dark has
become my soul A reaper of pain for my weakness The
shadows of life left behind Drifting away, falling
deeper as I run Altered feelings of blindness To walk
the road, the twisted trail of madness On the left
hand path of despair To turn aside pages of past life
What has been written, is set, destiny To live is to
die, the end of former life At destinies end, to say
the last goodbye

