In life we give not To the ones who are in denial The
right to go their own way And to do what they please
The struggle of our true emotions Passive is the one
who will fall down and cower And for the pain is so
tasteless It amuses me to see the sweet agony As the
power engulfs the one who falls As I turn away leaving
death behind me I walk this road alone, a path of
destruction A path that all shall fall My hate grows
stronger with every step that I take There's no end
for taking life It's the way I feel enraged Shadow
cast that turns to black Hardens a heart to stone
Merciless your prayers are useless As I cut you to the
bone The crying, watch your children walk down the
tail to dying Dreams are lost and all life is left
shattered The dying are the one's who are left and
forgotten No one stands, no answers left to the riddle
of death I am the eternal anger that is feared I am
the well spring from which it flows The one who has
brought eternal nightmare The one who has opened
death's door My soul is the pinnacle of hate and
desire Feeding from pain and power

