I'll take all that you have Take what, what I need My
soul is parched with all grief Bitterness and sadness
is what I feed Those that don't know my shadow My
shadow, what it cast Darkness and beseech I plead in
silence, cry to the world Like a fallen angel I look
back to heaven Where's my salvation gone Wipe these
tears from my soul Gaze into the pool and looks back
at me with Crimson tears Eyes look into a world of
dead emotion Shattered my wings, no more tales to tell
Forget my lies, after all my world is hell Temptation
to fall is the unbeliever Painting a picture is a soul
of black Life fallen to ruin and shame Fallen forever
in this dark depth of empathy Wade in cold still water
of silence Ripple of water away is my past Quiet in
the world and beyond My hands hold the tears of sorrow
I lift my head and cry out into the silence I have
fallen, fallen into the halls of eternity The lost one
of serenity Slipping away, leave this world behind The
rapture of life, death collides Fading farther into
the other world Open my eyes, awake in the afterlife
Shadows reap sweet sorrow To reach my last fantasy May
I find what I seek in death May I find the answer in
death to forget my past Or have I lost my way for
eternity The fallen

