Gotta flex that skill,yup! As I watch them kill. Greed the
seed, it's called inequities: vanity, banking, ganking, justi-
fied. How many more will have to suffer? How many more will
have to die? Well, stop buying the lie! Bold beautiful crying
brown eyes. Technical superstate built on the means of hate.
Dominant symbolcorruption escalates. Can they distinguish life
from death? Should a dollar bill give a man a right to kill?
Hell no! Because life is priceless, this fight from the affer-
mative. Wicked brutal force of course justifying the means
death with no remorse. Covert operations above the law killing
for God, for countries, a fraud. Got to take 'em out! Violati-
on of human rights! For the life of the suffering. Symbol of
wickednedd. Post-dictatorship economic elite, starving chil-
dren bowing to their feet, smokescreen patriotism won't deny
the lie - can't cloud my soul vision. F.E.M.A., see you, got
you on sight. No law should cut constitutional rights. No one
more hopeless than those that think they are free, bounded
minds of this human machinery. What I am is what I am! Crying
to jah you know I am praying for payback. All truth will soon
come be in light. Federal judge, you know they got them on
check! Federal courts, you know they got them on check! Cen-
tral banking system, you know they got them on check! Federal
agent, you know you got them on check! Federal prison, you
know they got them on check! Population control, you know they
got it on check! Cry for life!! Gotta take 'em out.

