Step up to this! Witness anger from this raised up fist. The
hood is jacked up bad, and more pain will come to exist. Well,
whose fault is it, and who's to blame? Well, I'm pointing my
fingers at the ones who set up this game. This is what you've
given us and that is what you've taken. Jail won't cure your
given disease; You are straight mistaken. Child to child,
blood stain on the flag, down on the solo creep fool and it's
about to blast! It's gonna be on fool! Cuzz it's about to
blast! Mind control and it's fading fast! Huh world cuzz it's
about to blast! Children crying and bullets crack! Yup cuzz
it's about to blast! And it's aiming at you, so what are you
gonna do? Give it to 'em! Inner city erosion, political racial
explosion. Mental repression fuels that murder rate's explosi-
on. From canons straight to the bloods and crips, I say they
got you on lockdown with birds and a 20 dip. The system fuels
that anger - the killing goes on strong from 818 to 213 -
bloodshed from your timebomb. You making a move on me? Fool,
you better move fast, dying in the killing fields and it's
about to blast! It's about to blast! Boom. Another dead young-
ster on my block. Look in his face, politician, when a gun
blast makes his body drop. Your system killed him; mediocracy
handed to him, statistical product. You and the concrete made
hime useless. Incarceration institution; 5 x 7 corruption;
Kill his mind is how you do him. Realize as they de humanize
our lives that they construct a raging humanity with fury in
their eyes. Welfare, the opportunity that disables the appli-
cation of the generate crutch. Clear the way for defective
maturity which leads to psychopathic institutional conduct.
Lies, rape, intimidation, sovereign infliction of all. Social-
ly declared obscene application of reconstructive formula,
fool! I've had enough of the blood rainfall on me! 818 - 213 -
310 about to blast from that time bomb! Boom.

