Evil beings twist
shapes in the night
i've been watching
through my all seeing
eye
Raise your glass to
toast the new king
the sacrifice of our life
now begins

Their wine is the blood
of serpents
You are blessed with
the blood of serpents

A black robed figure
shows us the way
into his mind of
madness the path we
have paved
The knife is risen to
cut at the throats
of those awaiting
All hope is lost

Their wine is the blood
of serpents
You are blessed with
the blood of serpents

And the worry takes
its toll
life before you now
unfolds
Voices in your head
call you
visions of death
coming
On your knees now you
must pray
On this now your final
day 
in the ground you'll 
rest in tears
Frozen cold forever

Their wine is the blood
of serpents
You are blessed with
the blood of serpents
Take my pain away the
blood of serpents
Their wine is the blood
of serpents

We're not alright
We've been forced
towards the light
Fear etched in your 
history
The serpents blood
wash over me

The new king wants us
all
his evil's fucking
raining down as the
axes fall
The dead will haunt the
land
their stay of execution
ended on his command

The rotting sun rises 
high
upon the day thats
dawning for the next
to die
Transcend, on this be
sure
The weak shall inherit
everything that was
yours
They'll inherit all that was yours

