Doomed plans of safety surface between showcases of
failed poetry. Your bullshit liberal declaration of
pedophile immunity. Yet you wear it like a badge of
wealth. One more ribbon, one more guilt trip. Still
you would give them one more chance and damn those
whores for carelessness. Come with your declaration.
Cut the length and choose your mount. I'll wet the
appetite for change. I'll feast on them for a while.
Statistic after sick statistic. Only your success is
more pathetic. Take the rape and push it in until
you're raw to any comfort. Eaten out hollow he feasts.
He smiles with her on his breath. She can no longer
feel it tear. She can no longer push her self to
breath. Yet you wear it like a badge of wealth. One
more ribbon, one more guilt trip. Still you would let
those bastards live and damn those whores for
carelessness. Come with your legislation. Cut the
length and give them rope. I'll wet the appetite for
change. I'll feast on them for a while. Verdict after
unjust verdict. Only your success is more twisted.
Take the rape and pull it out. Until you're raw to any
comfort. Eaten out hollow still bound. A smile never
passed her lips. She's tore to her navel. His sick
idea of growing pains. Yet you wear it like a badge of
wealth. One more ribbon, one more guilt trip. Still
you would let those bastards free and damn those
whores for carelessness. Come with your empathy. Cut
to length and kick them down.

