glance to break you away from her. A bond you
sanctioned by sound and honored with a lack of
penetration. Eating Daisies and licking roses, the
bitter fruits of bickering politicians. And there he
stood a model of perfection. Careless and fit with
contempt for me. Could you predict this before you.
Did you fall to your knees in guilt. Could you fake a
single tear to tide over his want of righteousness.
What would it take? Time to sort out your mind still
crippled by deviance? Take it off and show yourself. I
touch not out of want or need. I haven't the taste for
bitterness. I touch nothing for it's all you are.
There's that thought again. There's no one here but
you and me. No one needs to know a thing. It's a done
deal, I'll slip in. What happens on the road. Will
stay on the road. Don't think less of me, I'm just a
man with needs. I won't tell you twice to get out of
my head and stay awake behind locked doors. And there
she stood a model of temptation. Again, wet and
willing with no faith in me. Still I passed your
twisted test whether in the flesh or in my dreams. Get
out of my head and stay awake behind closed doors.
Come not with me to correct and condemn. Get out of my
bed and stay awake.

