I've never since felt life as dry as it was inside
you. I've tasted plenty and it only made me gag. I
wanted more. Now I have it all, without you. If I
could have only left without that thought. I would
have left with him. And you a childless wreck. I would
have taken it upon myself to leave you strapped with
the burden of unclear thinking. That's what you do
best, you're always thinking and not acting
rationally. You just needed someone to love you. God
know I don't. I never did so disappear. You gave me
every reason to and still I didn't break your face in.
so where's my son and where's your scars? Do you still
limp from my fist fucking fetish? And my midnight
naked messages in your ears? So why didn't they come?
Why wasn't she born? I would have taken her right from
underneath you. She would call you mother, I would
call you host, and you would just call on every lie
you could to feel just and sane. Keep your word. How
little do I really understand? I knew enough not to
touch you there. I should have saved myself for the
last but still I broke in the beginning and broke your
hold in the end. And on you went barren and content.
And I the other direction experienced in nothing
special.

