stronger than reason
stronger than lies
the only truth I know
is the look in your eyes
the look in your eyes

just like a car crash
just like a knife
my favourite weapon
is the look in your eyes
you've run out of lies

you've run out of lies
you've run out of lies
you've run out of lies
you've run out of lies
you've run out of lies
you've run out of lies
there's a ton locked in your empty eyes
get out of my life

I'm chewing on glass
and eating my fingers
I'm not the one
who's run out of lies
lies

you've run out of lies
you've run out of lies
you've run out of lies
you've run out of lies
you've run out of time

cutting my face
and walking on splinters
I lost my soul
to the look in your eyes
your eyes

you ran out of lies
you ran out of lies
you ran out of lies
you ran out of time

stigmata!

o, you have empty eyes
they tell me nothing, nothing but lies

