thy eyes pierce crimson moonlight I sleep in lunar
spheres. I awake within the land of beautiful
darkness. nocturnal love. theres no sun in shadows
land. the only light is the moonlit night. I walk
along with the beasts and serpents, nothing do I fear.
at one with the burning blackness. blood running
tears, dark figures in the night. the black clouds in
the sky. whispers from the other side. theres no more
fear of the darkside. do you feel the sensations run
up and down your side? look deep within you. see what
is in your shadow-filled heart. my ears hear the
masters call. screams of revelation and ending times.
the rights of law have been broken...broken. crying
tears of solar winds. a breeze of cryptic shrieks from
below...dying. a place of stunning sights. a place so
cold that no one knows. I've seen the days of
sorrow-filled ways. the passionate love of dusk. fear
in the weak minded fools. strong are the chosen few.
black are my ways in every move I make. I stand at the
temple of the moon. anointed king of the night. wears
the crown of swords. bestowed upon me. shadows land
and the infinite kingdom.

