when we wake in the morning we will see the glorious
sun. standing in the rays of life, our day has just
begun, the essence of time is ours, precious as every
minute goes by. i was a fool to have wasted, the
stupidity i called fun. who is to love when the hearts
have grown cold. a life can no longer exist. wheres
the love? if only heaven would shine on is a heart
would be warm. in the night I'm clinging to my covers
in bed. i awake once again with another nightmare.
close the door around you. lock yourself from the
outside world. an empty heart cant feel love, just
loneliness. i wish i would die, theres no peace within
me. hurt and anger in my soul. emotionless as feelings
are destroyed. only hoping my end will come. how long
can i go on? experiencing depression. how long can i
go on? there is no other way, to bring peace in my
heart, it must all end someday. memories of an
haunting dream, so close to losing my reality. tears
are running down my face. i look towards the sky,
screaming at God in heaven. oh please hear my cries of
torment. i close my eyes, feelings distraught, my
heart denies. for the one i loved now walks among
angels. we shall meet again when the death closes my
eyes. reunited together as one, happiness of mother
and son.

