Step up, step up, then get down. What's up? What's up?
Turn around. Take this, take this, for all to see.
Don't piss on me baby! Warriors of chaos fightin' a
battle, Slaughtering each other like they're
motherfuckin' cattle. Holdin' down the trigger,
sprayin' destruction, Battlefield is supercharged like
NO2 induction. Death and pain is lyin' on the ground,
Shoutin' out for help but no help can be found. Fat
man atomic B-O-M-B slams into the ground just in time
for you to see the mushroom cloud risin' above your
head, when the shockwave hits you're ass is just as
good as dead. And vaporized, like a sci-fi laser,
charred to the bone like a million-volt taser -
phazer, it'll amaze her. Chaos is comin' - you can bet
it will phase her, like a crash test gone wrong; Dummy
through the window and the dummy's singin' your song.
The company fled a river of red. Load, cock, bang!
There's a hole in your head and now you're dead from
the lead you're fed that bled dread; There's nothin'
left to do but make a coffin your bed I said. Break it
down to the underground, break it down town and all
around. Take down, shake down. Break it, shake it,
take it, don't fake it - Fist against your face and
your face won't make it!

