
Darken's Rant

Dark smoke covered the sky, red glow lighted the darkness of the night, the
wind tried to blow clouds of smoke about but he did not have enough power to
do it, the moon tried to brighten everything by his light but suffused by
scarlet of ravage he had to hide himself behind dark clouds and only fire was
the only actor of that night, dancing savagely crackled gaily releasing long
burning tongues like legendary dragon, fire wanted to make his dreams come
true and reach the sky. He knows that this hour belongs to him, he knows that
his time will end soon and that his dance clean the hurted land. There were
people who tried to enmesh him but their remains whiten in ash, their baptisms
and temples did not help them. Now like shafts of fire light the way of
returning to ancient page cult.. today grey shadows under cover of the night
creep out from wolves earthwork, spirits with hatred in red eyes. Now wolves
go down the hills bravely leaving the woods, soon fiery dragons will show them
the way of their roam=crusade. Fire soothe wild hearts, hearts full of sadness
and hankering, fire soothe wild grey shadows full of hatred, shadows that go
away and hide themselves in dark impenetrable hiding-place in the woods when
the day comes.

This CD include stuff for demo '93 and EP 7" GRAVELAND, stuff inspired by
great events that took place in Norway in that time, inspired by events that
were the beginning of big movement against christianity. All these events took
place three years ago. During these three years many things changed. Now there
are only few people who are faithful to true ideas of Black Metal. I dedicate
this CD to these few. Although we will have power of only thousand swords we
will hoist a victory flag on vatican basilice!

Cover include photos showing pagan reality in Poland 1994-95
War still lasts...

Darken


