I hide from your faces,
don't want to be seen
to be gone forever,
what does that mean?
Models kept smiling
million dollar smiles,
crosses kept burning
on the day that you died
To leave is a failure,
no good on our own
needs to be needed,
so give dog a bone.
Hope I don't talk
in my sleep tonight
I don't know what
I might say tonight...
tonight

No time to question,
these days end
so fast our skin's
made of concrete,
paid well to last.
A sense of security,
despite the violation.
If you need to escape
from something,
you're not the only one

You're not the only one
with doubts
You're not the only one
that hurts
don't ever let them take
it all away
won't let them take
anything away
away

The model still smiles
the crosses still burn...
burn.

You're not the only one
with doubts
You're not the only one
that hurts
don't ever let them take
it all away
won't let them take
anything away
You're not the only one
with doubts
You're not the only one
that hurts
don't let them take
it all away
won't let them take
any fucking thing away
away [x2]
your not the only one

