Delusion: We are coerced into a single file line following borders that dissect
the whole. Succumbing to the bricks of the constrainer raining down from above
us. Eyelids sewn shut, stumbling away into a tangled spider web of agonizing
bondage, while dripping fangs emanate from the walls. Fear is all around me.
Lords pull at robotic tendons guiding every subtle twitch of fingers, and
thought is coffined, smothered beneath the loathsome. Conglomerations of
decaying offscourings amassing into a colossal mountain range, larger than the
biomass of the entire earth. Squeezed and contorted into the crafty wires.
Slimed in a dripping sewage runoff coating. There, behind a snowy television
screen, bleeding in peeled human skin, snaked into the eye sockets of the
evening viewer. With arms hanging limp over the side of the love seat,
potassium chloride dribbles from the corners of our mouths. A puddle forms on
the dirt floor where comprehension and empathy dissolve. Coordinated like toys,
becoming blinded, stoic, acquisitive whores. Manipulation of the collective
consciousness pontificates a prayer for our country, entombed. Defining
abominable. Extract the ticks burrowing deep into the brain stem. Together
weâll eradicate the throne of our tormentors. â¦This is the delusion that I
burned and I watch as its ashes decorate the ground. The manifestation of my
discomfort and insecurities. I am relieved now that it has died. A
misperception of reality. Nothing more than a charred and stinking corpse,
nailed to the cross next to the remains of a white, manufactured Christ.

