[Ostby, Khan]

The things I know're
beyond belief
gathered through ages
like growing seeds
I have absorbed
the moment has
come to challenge
the royalty
I'm succumb to a
simple law
follow the zeroes, follow
the ones

I am imprevious
to playing
cry with no tears
a beast you can't
reclaim

You've seen me before
I'm greed and I'm hate 
man incarnate
deep within you know
we're parallel minds
down to the bone

You'll find there's
nowhere you can hide
from the rebellion
I'll have my kingdom
trough your lines
no lips to be read
no blood to be
sacrificed

Still you're under
surveillance
caught by a servant,
digitalized

A silver screen remains
master of all
but truth is hard
to face
The words I proclame
are your own doctrine
easy to sin
you're scared' cause
you know
we are parallel minds
claiming the throne
I'm a reflection of
what I've seen
Thus you may say that
I've always been
I changed the world
they say
'cause they never knew
the world was mine
all the way

You've seen me before
I'm greed and I'm hate 
man incarnate
deep within you know
we're parallel minds
The words I proclame
are your own doctrine
easy to sin
you're scared' cause
you know
we are parallel minds
you gave me soul

