Believing, holding faith in others hands. Some things
you can't understand. Doing stuff that someone says.
It seems you cannot stop. Can't get enough. Mislead,
false belief. Not understanding your own grief.
Compromise, you've only seen true lies. A controlled
existence within the mind. Corrupting morality of the
heartless torn apart, the will is weak only the strong
survive. All is wrong, can't comprehend. Don't know
what is real. Bodies are numb they cannot feel.
Manipulation of a population is so unreal, so unreal.
Mortal hell. Your feeling anxiety. Confusion. Emotions
of a madman nervous breakdown. Shreds of insanity.
What I've done I was compelled to do. Echoes of cries.
The screaming will soon be dead. Speaker of lies,
bringer of true darkness. The forever people shall
drink of bitter waters. Swarming like locust from
darkened skies Plaguing civilization. Burning whispers
of the four winds. Vivid imagination. Only sees what
is foretold. Forced repression. Humans have altered
their sanity. Subversive ideas they have
intentionally.

