Lust for the burning touch of our emotions. It's the
only way to live onward, for all I can see is the
hunger of the animal within. What in life is there so
conceiving, a taste of sweet pleasure. The power to
crush and kill our enemies, the force of might. My
hunger for blood, undeniable pleasures for slaughter.
And death beyond, your soul will grace the burning
sky. Your eyes are soon to be torn away, you will see
no more. My excellence is too much for your
imagination, you cower before me. My hands turns your
bones to dust, you will feel the power of thy strength
and thy might. Can all of you see the lust for
butchery and the glory of it all. A child that will
never reach to be a man. The knowledge of life is at
their hands. The murderous intent to kill and
slaughter. A master plan to be the end of it all.
Sacrifice, to kill again, death. Slay the weak, make
em bleed, agony. They will drop one by one, die. The
beauty of our savage ways must prevail. The sorrow of
crying eyes, soon turn to tears of blood. The madness
unfolds before us, no hope, for this life is soon to
end. A massive destruction of man, its everyone for
theirself. Screaming goes on and on, what is now to
become of us. The darkness goes on forever. No will to
live in a world of conflict. Carry on the torch of
desire. The fire burns higher. Inflicting pain to
induce suffering. You are a prisoner to the land of
dust. We will all burn in this land of sand. What is
life coming to, they will never live again. The touch
of death is my need. It's the end for us all, to die
and fade away.

