I await the blackened night. Pulled away from the
warmth of the light. Seized by that which dwells
inside of me. Cursed by loneliness and its nondesire.
Dark within these four walls. Lies a Sadness no one
shall bare. No one shall know, no one ever cares. To
understand or witness my fall. As a wolf among sheep I
have wandered. Wandered into an empty void of tears.
Withered in grief of memories once pride. Forever
echos and never to die. My heart still aches for an
eternal desire. Feed off my mind, bleed out my heart.
Darkness folds these icy walls. No one near me, no one
hears my calls. Waiting for the end but it always
comes back to me. To relive the suffering and
impurities. I am left alone to forever plunder. As
wolves among sheep I have wandered. Gazed into
darkness oblivion to its call. My mind starts to
wonder as darkness fall. I stand freely to embrace its
shell. Given to me this so called hell. In deep
thoughts never left to rest. Fall of tears the sins of
my past. A warm hand a mind to share. No forgiveness
no one cares. My mind is like a wasteland. Ever vast
and forever storms. I have wandered seems like
eternity. Filled with sadness and misery.

