There are those days
when I can get no sleep
I'm so tried I'd like
to fall inte Sleep
I fall in my Bed
but still I'm Alive

These questions in my
mind are so much
bigger than Life
I have to leave
them behind
I have to try to forget
that I am still in my bed

In my deepset fears
I'm losing you
Even if somebody
tried to stop my heart
I'm still Alive
I will never give up

Just turn off the lights
Don't wanna
see me die
I look like I'm dead but
when you look at me
I am still alive

Just open your eyes
Don't wanna see me cry
I'm right here where you
want be to be fighting
with myself

All I need to feel is your
breath on my skin
This endless longing
between You and me
We can't give up now
we're gonna make it
somehow

In my Sweetest Dreams
I'm with you
even if somebody
tried to stop my heart
I'm still alive
I will never give up

Just turn of the lights
Don't wanna see me die
I look like I'm dead but
when you look at me
I'm still alive

Just open your eyes
Don't wanna see me cry
I'm right here where you
want be to be fighting
with myself




