Motherfucker! I'm going to come for you. You think
you can run from me? You think you're safe from
me? No one can save you from me. I am the angel of
death. I've come to take whats mine. I've come to
take your final breath. Bloodthirst. I'll stand
over your bed while you are asleep. The end is
never well when hate runs this deep. The wolf is
ready to taste the blood of the sheep. You have a
price to pay and the price is the cheap. I'm going
to take you tonight. Watch your flesh turn to
white. SPITE. I can't wait to taste all of your
blood. Break open your skull. I can't wait to tear
apart your heart. And steal your soul. The shadow
in the black. Creak in your floor. Watch your
back. I'm at your door. How does it feel to have
no hope? How does it feel to know you'll die
alone? I'll make sure that you never rest. So I
can fix this fucking hole in my chest. You'll
never rest. You'll never get your fucking peace.
For what you did. For the torment you caused me. I
dug a hole for you, I will watch you fucking burn.
Watch you die. Who knew that through death I would
find life. And dying was the only way to feel
alive.

