is this pure reality could we be led to believe
lemmings up against a sea drowning in speculation even
told when waters older more polluted never drink the
murky media to plumb the depth of time what of human
frailty visualize with clarity past the sanitation to
childish flesh and bone bleaching sticks and stoner
ribs pukes up gallows laughter stage the mighty media
blessing this sanitation what is this supposed to hold
freedoms crush disparaged souls despot dug in
yellowcake and failed to certify it crippled son to
pass it on a hatred fed on hatred born deify defensive
form as if to never see that what is real canned I
feel less important than today anyway is it worth the
slaughter? Sit and feel absolutely zero suffering a
condition worth denying pasted carcass killing fields
body parts off dolls that bleed who was once committed
for pulling wings off flying things feeling bold to
knot put over twisted ever after hissing faded left
alone to replicate the lie what is real asks the dream
some dim shift a rift within funniest seems a distant
the damp ring fitting end destitution ego death within
a condition dear dementia

