watching a thread of silver mar my eyes. Losing an intensity
which once did not exist. Left alone a mirror of black, takes
away the truth of existence aeturnal, did you ever really know it
anyway? Who looks through to a realm labyrinth of nothingness
rain? Lost are those who know no death, for they shall prosper
none. For it was then and now and forever where I see ones
calling

I watch a raging sky and hear the hymns of ancient walked.
I know a lust so deep, there is insufficient satisfaction.
I walk through a hall of emeralds, they glisten through my feats.
I hear the hymns of ancient walked, and let them reap an opus
requiem.

Touch the stars of my soul, and reap harvest of galaxies immense
Watch us fall, and dance. Run through rivers of blood, cradled
pale flesh, lay in the chamber of ones mistress dark. Lovers
embrace in ocean spray. Locked in a silver fire immortal, but
stars die too. Run in an abyss divine, float through hazy
enlightenment. Ask and you shall wonder. Know and you shall lose,
desolate, vast, black desert suffocating me. A mirage of forever,
I reach and cease to breathe the diamond steals my breath to
beauty enhance, and she lives all over you. Watching, waiting,
knowing. The queen of the universe triumph. Beauty. Never
whispers none, a palechord of melancholy, where a throne is sown
black. Invoke them in the waters of desolation incarnate, walk
through the clawing spines. A bride of the moon, a canopy of
ashen dust.

I laugh no more

