"Dreams, not waking, creeping down inside the quiet urns, listen to the 
sound, crashing down into it, the needle is warm in the arm, hate burns 
illusion, pain pain pain The rest is straight from Ogre himself walk out in 
the street see the vacant eyes dreaming of the dream unbroken economic 
repression plays a part i wonder what im going through ....pain....wasted 
away island body on a darkened see to avoid chattering taped tape taping 
human muttering warning flicker lights the candle burnsinside.....a pain 
that never dies crawls up the back and waits for the lies tall climb edges 
edges exhausts no night climbing higher ...... crawls wicked wire cut throat 
explodes singing of the the vein no desire great fate.....human heart 
explodes attacking pointed sticks in sores the arms wheres the warning 
warning shot the lights out wheres the warning ........needle is warm in the 
arm travels to the heart human heart flags the blood ........a halo of fire 
scarring made of flame the flower flavor find its worth calls the tripping 
strings supporting the game of life ......the pain...... broken chair that 
horror tray of fear wheres the warning warning killing me .......aking human 
heart except my patience is giving up on me.......river of track mark 
volcano upon the arm open sores allowing ants tocrawl in and i wonder if i 
missed the warning missed the warning casting away varnish crack ants 
symbolize decay missed the warning missed the vein reaching out crying for 
where is the warning heart exploding human heart attack."

