[Originally performed by MADREDEUS]

La fora estÃ£o os
senhores da guerra
E cantam jÃ¡ hinos de
vitÃ³ria
Qual Ã© a historia desta
terra?
Ã o medo, ali mesmo

CÃ¡ dentro estÃ£o os
homens Ã¡ espera
Unidos no destino da
terra
JÃ¡ nÃ£o hÃ¡ memÃ³ria de
paz na terra
Ã o medo, ali mesmo

Ã terra, Mais um dia a
nascer
Ai, Ã© menos um dia a
morrer
Ã tÃ£o pouca a gloria
duma guerra
E os homens que as
fazem sem vitorias
JÃ¡ nÃ£o hÃ¡ memÃ³ria, de
paz na terra
Ã o medo, ali mesmo

[English translation: The War Lords]

Outside I hear the war
lords
Already they sing hymns of
victory
What's the history of this
earth?
It's fear, that's it

And here are the men
waiting
United in the destiny of
the earth
No one remembers a time of
peace
It's fear, that's it

O Earth, One more day is
rising
And we can't lose it
It's so little the glory
of a war
And the Mongers of war
making it, without
victories
No one remembers peace
anymore
It's fear, that's it

