Forgive me father for I have sinned. Taken the life of a man who stole
the innocence from the unprotected. A storm of light, a jarring
revelation. A right of passage, justified fucking bloodshed. No
forgiveness heaven denied. No restitution, rightful conviction. Hell
embraces the patron saint with all its wrath. Distorting the lines of
your selfish redemption, to exalt your final resting place in heaven.
Lecherous impurity, the towers of the holy conceal their ill
intentions, the godless apostle trembles in the wake of the coming
fire. The stones of the great hall crumbling will forever echo with
the choirs of the fallen man. Soaked in the lies. The blood of the
divine, flowing like rivers, in waves of soiled wines. Crushed by the
tide. The blood of the divine rains down on chapels built to fall by
design. Forgive me father, I seek no atonement. No sympathy for a man
who stands as burning effigy of betrayal. A storm of light, a jarring
revelation. A right of passage. Justified fucking bloodshed. No
forgiveness heaven denied. No restitution, rightful conviction. Hell
embraces the patron saint with all its wrath. Soaked in the lies. The
blood of the divine, flowing like rivers, in waves of soiled wines. A
man with no masters. I won't bow down to a false architect. I'll never
kneel beneath your feet. Paralyzed by the torment. Followers of faith
stand drenched in sin. Justified fucking bloodshed. No forgiveness.
Heaven denied. Justified fucking bloodshed. No redemption, no
forgiveness heaven denied

