Disease infected human torso Of malignant bile and
cancer Decrepitated festering gore drenched innards
And hepatic liverworts Bubbling festering deadly sin
Sludge, puss, and wretched vomit Spills forth from the
abdomen Inflammatory intestinal disorder Erupted
internal duodenums tract Rot and filth consume your
carcass Making your innards contort and fight Puss and
phlegm fill your lungs Your body is suffering a slow
death Necrotic Hepatic Epigastic Dysentery The death
of Cells and tissue mass Pangertorial pustuler fate
Corrupt body of malignant meat Disease infected human
torso Of malignant bile and cancer Decrepitated
festering gore drenched innards And hepatic liver
warts Bubbling festering deadly sin Bright red puss
flows from your mouth Thrust up from your exploding
gut Acidic rancid pustaler juices Severely scorched
and corroded your throat You choke and gag, throwing
up organs As your vital parts turn to mush Death is
immanent as your body shuts down And your eyes grow
black and cold Festering fungal rancid flesh Sin
inflicted Human dermis Filth riddled cankerous carcass
Retched diseased rotting rind

